Canvas does not require dbt Copilot to be enabled (#9570)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/build-canvas-copilot.md

</IntroText>

dbt Copilot integrates with [<Constant name="canvas" />](/docs/platform/canvas), a drag-and-drop experience for building visual models with natural language prompts.

> ## Considerations

Reviewer: It's always nice to have an opening sentence or two after a header before jumping into bullet points - h3s and h4s have some wiggle room, but h2 should always have an intro

> - dbt Copilot in <Constant name="canvas" /> is available from the <Constant name="canvas" /> interface. Refer to [About Canvas](/docs/platform/canvas) for <Constant name="canvas" /> setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dbt Copilot is available in the <Constant name="canvas" /> interface. Refer to [About Canvas](/docs/platform/canvas) for setup instructions.
```

- Natural language prompts in <Constant name="canvas" /> are available on [Enterprise and Enterprise+](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing) plans.

> - dbt Copilot requires AI features to be [enabled](/docs/platform/enable-dbt-ai) for your account. Some accounts must also accept applicable AI terms, such as the AI & Beta Addendum. Refer to [dbt AI FAQs](/docs/dbt-ai/dbt-ai-faqs#does-dbt-labs-have-terms-in-place) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dbt Copilot requires AI features to be [enabled](/docs/platform/enable-dbt-ai) for your account. AI terms and conditions apply. Refer to [dbt AI FAQs](/docs/dbt-ai/dbt-ai-faqs#does-dbt-labs-have-terms-in-place) for details.
```

</IntroText>

dbt Copilot integrates with [<Constant name="canvas" />](/docs/platform/canvas), a drag-and-drop experience for building visual models with natural language prompts.

## Considerations

> dbt Copilot in <Constant name="canvas" /> has specific plan, setup, and AI requirements. Confirm the following before you begin.

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Copilot in <Constant name="canvas" /> has setup and AI requirements. Confirm the following before you begin.
```
